Michael, I thought
you were swabbing the deck.
Mum.
When can I do something fun?
Why don't you come up here?
Help me steer.
Try and give it a chance, sweetheart.
When I started sailing,
I had to learn
all the daily chores, too.
But you'll soon
get the hang of it.
And before you know it,
the Peggy Sue will feel
just like home.
Aye aye, Skipper.
Come on, you.
Skipper's hat off.
This is Mum
speaking now, okay?
I know this is a bit of
a re-adjustment, love,
but when your dad and I
lost our jobs,
we wanted to make
the best of things.
- Yeah. That's it, you got it.
-We needed a fresh start.
All of us, together,
exploring the world.
Not quite all of us.
You didn't wanna bring Stella.
Oh, love, we all miss Stella.
But a boat
is no place for a dog.
You know that, sweetheart.
I bet right now she's having
the time of her life
digging up
Uncle Pete's garden.
Michael, look!
Dolphins!
See? It's not
all boring chores.
Hmm. Hi, Dad.
I've got something for you.
Yeah?
It is my privilege
to bestow upon you the honour
of being the keeper of
the log book of the Peggy Sue.
What's a log book?
It's like a diary
of all the fantastic things
we'll see.
And all the exciting places
we'll go.
And here, have a look.
There's a map inside.
You can chart our incredible
journey around the globe.
West Africa, South Africa,
India, Indonesia,
- Australia, Japan...
- Why?
"Why"?
What do you mean, "Why"?
Well, anyway...
It was your mum's idea, okay?
Missed a bit.
Ah!
I'm getting good
at this bit.
Did someone
say "biscuit"?
Okay,
I'll go and get them.
Who took all the biscuits?
Dad, look!
Michael's not fastened.
Oh, Mike. How many times?
You stay clipped all the time.
No exceptions.
Okay?
Aye aye, Skipper.
Becky, I am putting you
on second watch tonight.
I could do a watch, too.
Not just yet, sailor.
Not just yet.
This is amazing.
So many you can barely
make out the constellations.
If you know where to look,
you can use them to steer by.
- Can you?
- Me? (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) Nah...
Your mum's getting
pretty good at it, though.
You can't do it from books.
You see, Becky,
you have to learn by doing it.
Ah, look at that.
Wow.
Now, that is
the magic of the night watch.
Well, I suppose...
Night, Dad.
Are you sure
you're gonna be okay?
Yes, Dad.
All right, all right.
But if you're worried
about anything at all,
you just shout, okay?
- Okay.
- All right.
- Night, sweetheart.
- Night, Dad.
Bloody hell. Don't do that.
You're supposed to be asleep.
If you want,
you could go back to bed.
I'll look after things here.
Dad asked me
to look after things here.
He's never gonna
ask me, is he?
He thinks I'm an idiot.
I think you're an idiot.
- Come on, let me do it.
- Get off.
I'll swab the deck for a week.
What?
If you let me
do the night watch.
I'll swab the deck for a week.
Month.
Deal.
-  Really?
- Uh-huh!
What are you after?
Nothing.
Okay...
You're on.
- Now, you know what to do?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Do not mess up.
- I won't.
You'd better not.
- Month.
- Yeah, yeah. Just go to bed.
Ah!
Good girl.
Good girl, Stella.
No, no, no!
Stella, Stella!
Come here. Come back here.
Stella... Argh!
Stella, come here.
Come here. Stella!
-Man overboard!
- Becky!
Becky?
Becky!
What? Mum, I'm here, I'm here.
- Michael.
- What's going on?
- Michael!
- Becky,
- why aren't you at the wheel?
-Michael!
Mum and Dad, over here!
- Oh, my God. Michael!
- Michael!
Help!
Stella?
Don't drop him.
Get Michael.
She's slipping!
-Oh, my God.
- I can't hold her.
Quick...
Argh!
Becky. Becky, help.
Help! Pull. Pull!
Michael,
you could have been killed.
One of us
could have been killed.
I was just
starting to count on you.
I thought you were growing up.
How long
were you planning
to keep her in the cupboard,
Michael? The whole year?
I told you, love.
A boat is no place for a dog.
Right.
The next port of call,
she is going in a dog's home.
No!
He's not really gonna
put Stella in a home, is he?
You know your dad.
We should put Michael
in a home.
Becky!
Come here,
you silly old thing.
Come here.
Good girl.
Get off.
Okay, she can stay.
Yay!
But, she's never allowed
in the living quarters.
Ever. And the locker
is now her kennel.
And... Oh, come on.
Get out of here.
Come on.
And swab the deck,
you hear me?
Aye aye, Skipper.
Eh, he's not the Skipper.
Gross.
Michael,
clear all that stuff away.
Argh. It's bad out there.
I've secured what I can.
I think she'll hold.
Well, let's hope so. Now,
come and have a look at this.
The nearest land
is a day away.
You think we can outrun it?
No, it's too late. We're just
gonna have to weather it.
Isn't there even
a tiny island somewhere?
We're in
the middle of nowhere.
If we'd only held back a bit.
But if we can
get to here,
maybe a bit more shelter?
And wait for it
to blow past.
We need to get Stella
from her kennel.
But what if we head this way?
Or this?
No,
this is our only option.
Someone needs to get Stella!
God knows
the size of these swells.
Could be anything below us
and we won't know
until it's too late.
What's this?
Where? I don't know.
I can't see
in this bloody light.
Let's just focus
on one thing at a time.
Wait. No, no, no, no, no, no.
No! No, you don't.
Argh! I need to get Stella.
Michael. It's much
too dangerous out there.
- Michael!
- Let go!
Dad!
Michael, no!
Stella.
Come on.
Whoa. Come on.
Michael!
Hurry, Michael. Quick!
No!
Michael!
No. Michael!
Help!
Help...
Stella, Stella!
Stella, help!
Michael, Michael.
Mum!
Dad!
Becky!
Mum!
Dad!
Stella.
Whoa. Look at that.
Dad. Where are you?
Where are you?
It's okay.
Hmm.
Hello?
Please, please, please,
please, please. Come on.
Mmm...
Help me.
Thank you.
Mmm. Mmm.
Mmm.
Hello?
Who are you?
I need your help!
Ugh.
Ugh. Ah.
Come on.
Yes!
Want some?
Mmm. Oh, yeah.
What is it, girl?
Hey! Help!
I'm here! Help!
Hey, hey! Help! Help!
Wait. Wait, please!
Please, help me!
No, no, no. Come back!
I need your help!
I don't know
what you're saying.
Wait. Listen.
Ah.
Where are you going?
Why can't I come with you?
Come on, girl.
Why won't you help me?
Hmm.
I don't need you, anyway.
I can catch my own fish.
I don't
understand what you're saying.
I'm catching my own fish.
Help!
Huh.
Hmm.
This place is amazing.
You have
running water.
You have a shower?
How can you have a shower?
Oh, my God.
Whoa.
Did you build all this?
Wow.
You make your own brushes.
Who's this?
What? Oh, please, let's see...
Hello?
Hmm.
Oh. Hello, girl.
Hello?
Whoa.
No. No, Stella, wait!
Hello?
Huh.
Ah! Stella!
Okay.
Oh.
Whoa.
No, no, Stella.  Ah!
Hmm.
I'm sorry.
I... I didn't mean to.
My log book.
Who's that?
Is that your family?
This is my family
on our boat, the Peggy Sue.
That's Mum, Dad,
and my sister Becky.
Where are your family?
Nagasaki.
What's Nagasaki?
This is you, isn't it?
You were a soldier.
How long have you been here?
This isn't when
you last saw them, is it?
I wonder when
I'll see my family again.
Kensuke.
Michael.
Hmm.
Yeah!
Oh.
Fetch!
Huh?
Get off, get off,
get off! Shoo!
Whoa.
Kikanbo.
Tomodachi.
Uh-huh.
That's it,
Stella. Drop it. Drop it.
Good girl.
Mum? Dad?
Wait, no. What are you...
Who are they?
What do they want?
Tomodachi.
Where's Kikanbo?
Come back!
Tomodachi?
Kikanbo.
Huh.
Whoa!
Whoa.
Kikanbo, run!
Yes!
No!
Ah!
Hey! Hey.
Come on.
Ah!
Tomodachi?
No. You've been hurt.
Come on, Stella.
Come on, girl.
Come on, girl. Let go.
Oh.
I understand now.
Why you didn't want
anyone to find you.
You have to stay
and protect these guys.
They're your family now.
Go!
Come on.
Hmm.
See ya.
Kensuke.
Michael.
Wait. Stop!
Stop! What are you...
What are you doing?
People will see.
Ah.
No!
We have to stay hidden.
Ah.
Michael.
That's not the hunters.
It's my family.
It's my family!
They found me.
Come. Meet them.
Kensuke.
It's okay.
They won't
tell anyone about you.
Sayonara, Stella.
Mm.
Oh, no, you don't.
Stay hidden.
Michael!
Becky!
Oh, my God.
Michael!
Mum!
Dad!
Michael!
Aw, Stella.
I'm okay!
Michael!
Come here!
Michael, my boy.